It's 5 PM, and Samar is bound;
To his chair, to his chai, and to his ritual of listening to the radio with chai on his chair
The wind today is particularly sharp,
more like a slap than a pat!!
The chai is kadak as always, and the chair creeks with the same ache.
Samar tunes the radio frequency to this particular one.
As if the coordinates of the radio frequency resemble the coordinates of Meera's existence.
The radio now starts humming, and Meera's absence is suddenly wiped out.
झोंका हवा का आज भी, ज़ुल्फ़ें उड़ाता होगा ना
तेरा दुपट्टा, आज भी तेरे, सर से सरकता होगा ना

Chances and choices took Meera to a faraway world,
somewhere across the seven oceans
but Samar was still here, bound;
to his chair, Chai, radio, and Meera.
He would religiously dress her in his memories
in her favorite kesari dupatta each evening
as the wind would add to the struggles of keeping that dupatta tucked into her long locks.

Meera was always free; wild like that wind;
that acts more like a slap than a pat.
But even the wildest flowers, when tucked behind ears,
would melt the autumn away.
बालों में तेरे आज भी, फूल कोई सजता होगा ना
झोंका हवा का आज भी, ज़ुल्फ़ें उड़ाता होगा ना

Samar decides to pen a letter today.
He wants to ink out how wild it feels to be bound to a chair, to a ritual;
yet how safe it would be to sail across the unknown oceans.
only if they would lead him to his Meera.
He hasn't spoken a syllable about her absence;
but the mere thought of Meera's presence makes him want to write a chapter today.
मेरे ख़यालों में सनम, खुद से ही बातें करती होगी ना
मैं देखता हूँ, छुप-छुप के तुमको, महसूस करती होगी ना

He begins the letters with a series of questions,
about himself, of course!!
He asks Meera if she remembers how he would tease her;
for biting her nails, her lips every time concern would take over her mind.
He asks Meera if she remembers how he would run his fingers through her hair
while she fell asleep on the chair, waiting for him to come back home.
He asks Meera if she remembers how he would get her gajra and peda
to make up to her for every time he would fight with her.
He asks Meera if his absence ever bothers her.
for only then would his presence have ever mattered!!!
इक इक मेरी बातें तुमको, याद तो आती होगी ना
झोंका हवा का आज भी, ज़ुल्फ़ें उड़ाता होगा ना

He finishes the letter with "Yours forever"
and says, "You will always be mine forever" to the wind.
He then let the wind carry the letter, the questions, "mine" and "forever."
and shuts the window behind him.
He can still hear the wind slapping and patting the window.
Silly wind refuses to travel the oceans and stay bounded to rituals forever.
झोंका हवा का आज भी, ज़ुल्फ़ें उड़ाता होगा ना
