Why aren't you asking me,
"Dhruv are you happy or not?"


Lately we have been like two books in a bookshelf
Yet living at the far end corner of different racks.
You are like the rising bestseller, eyed by everyone
I am more like a book-long-forgotten!!!

It's a Sunday afternoon and I pull you out
from what you call your comfort zone
and what I see as a mess
You limp and crawl and frown and hurl a few "I-Hate-You" 
on your way to the game table that I have set for us


There!!! 
An old trick from the bag
An empty bottle from last night's house party
A coffee table with a broken leg
You and Me on the opposite ends
Truth or Dare?


You giggle a bit, but then tie your hair in a messy bun 
to showcase that you are in for whatever dare I throw at you
I like that!!! That habit of yours to lock horns with challenges!!!


Every time I spin the bottle and it points towards you,
You cowardly choose a dare
Maybe you wouldn't dare choose Truth
Neither asking nor answering.
Or maybe you won't share a piece of your heart, with me??


I wait for my turn to spill the beans
To spill the truth about everything that's been acting like a storm in my teacup
To tell you how I can't feel anything anymore
That numbness is my new comfort zone
That I don't find solace in writing fictional characters, naming them after my enemies and then killing them to find closure.
Lately I feel like I want to jump off the cliff and find my closure!!!


I bite my nails and wait to tell you how my habits are evolving,
Not in a good way though!
Kicking a few pebbles on the road is getting replaced by hurling stones at random windows.
Knocking on random stranger's door, asking them to take me in, feed me, talk to me, 
Let me call this as a home, my home.
Waking up in the wee hours of the night, tiptoeing  out of our bed, smoke a packet of cigarettes and let the butts burn my palm
At least the burn will justify the tears which my mind can't comprehend


I trick you to talk to me
You talk to trick me

I have answers, loads of them
The good, the bad and the ugly ones too
Will you bring home questions that make us uncomfortable?
Will you bring me home if I say I am lost?
Will you spin the bottle and dare to face the truth?
Will you break the bottle and hop onto my side of the table?
Will you for once ask me if I am happy or not?
