//What's the one thing you have learned from loving the wrong person?



It's the 31st of December, and the calendar is about to shed the last of its pages.
The world is ready to turn a new leaf, awaiting a new beginning, a new year!
But Maya and Meera head towards a park bench to meet and greet at exactly 6 PM. 
to visit the memories of their shared past together, like they have been doing 
religiously for over a decade.

Thodi der bina boley baith jaye

It was difficult to derive whether they have invited nostalgia over tea or whether they intentionally accepted an invite into the old memory lanes, year after year, without fail, together.
A ritual spanning over a decade, two cups of chai, roses wrapped in torn newspaper, a park bench, a setting sun, and two women with their shared love and lover—well, the last evening of the year has looked the same for Maya and Meera over the last 10 years.

Prem k rang me aisi doobi, bann gaya ek he roop

Rituals and religion, they say, can bind and break even strangers in ways the world can only gasp at! The reason is fairly simple: it's either love or hatred towards one higher source, a being, an entity, and if you add a chapter of a lover into the mix of this love/hatred recipe, you serve the world with a dish that cannot be forgotten.


Naino k dwaare aane k waade bandhe aise bolo kaahe
Chokhat pe dil ki aahat rakhi hai taako pe hai torey saaye

Maya and Meera share quite a few commonalities apart from a lover!
They share the color pink—one that shone as a bindi and bruise and decorated their body equally fine.
They share the pain of broken promises, which now bleeds through their palms, drowning the lines of love and destiny.
They share the grief of lost hope, which walked out of their lives, leaving them bound to the entrance between old endings and new beginnings.
They share the feeling of not being chosen: by love and lover, for he chose death—a ritual and religion that neither of them could devote themselves to.


Mohabbat jisey baksh de zindagani
nahi maut par khatm uski kahani

Love felt vicious; it felt dark and consuming.
It felt like a taker of all things light and bright.
But love was also generous; it gave back more than it took.
just in a different face and skin
Love gave courage to two hearts who surrendered their lives holding shared pieces of one heart that stopped beating 10 years ago.
Love gave companionship and a grieving partner to Maya and Meera in the form of a ritual that they carved together.
Love offered silence and peace to accept the storms that uprooted Maya and Meera only to root them in a garden.
Love turned a life sentence into life for Maya and Meera through rituals and roses.



